What does this mean?
What does this mean? What does this mean?
What does this mean? What does this mean? What does this mean? What does this mean? What does this mean? What does this mean?
What does this mean?
What does this mean? What does this mean? What does this mean? What does this mean? What does this mean? What does this mean? What does this mean? What does this mean? What does this mean? What does this mean? What does this mean? What does this mean? What does this mean? What does this mean? What does this mean? What does this mean? What does this mean? What does this mean? What does this mean? What does this mean? What does this mean? What does this mean? What does this mean? What does this mean?
The eldest son is here
Everything is there
All are negative
niche niche
You are the true brother I catch at night.
Remember that you are smart in the future
When you are a house owner, you should behave like a house owner.